[AUTO-MERGE] Enhance README with project details and installation guide (#768)
lincc-frameworks/fibad: README.md

# Hyrax

> ### A low-code solution for rapid experimentation with machine learning in astronomy

Author: ```suggestion
### A Low-Code Framework for Rapid Experimentation with ML & Unsupervised Discovery in Astronomy
```
